Rewrite docs for core concepts (#395)
kitbagjs/router: docs/core-concepts/params.md

## Param Names
Param names are defined using square brackets. What is inside the brackets is the name of the param and is used when accessing the param value and when providing the param value when navigating to the route.

```ts {3}
const events = createRoute({
  name: 'events',
  path: '/events/[year]/[month]',
})
```

:::warning
Param names must be unique across the `path` and `query` properties and parent routes.
:::

## Optional Params
Params can be made optional by adding a `?` before the name. The `year` param is not optional and will have the type `string` when being accessed. But the `month` param is optional and will have the type `string | undefined` when being accessed.

```ts {3}
const events = createRoute({
  name: 'events',
  path: '/events/[year]/[?month]',
})
```

## Param Types
By default all params are strings. But you can define a specific type for a param by using the `path` or `query` utilities. Now the `year` param will have the type `number` when being accessed.

```ts {1,5-7}
import { path } from '@kitbag/router'

const events = createRoute({
  name: 'events',
  path: path('/events/[year]/[?month]', {
    year: Number,
  }),
})
```

:::info Route Matching

> When using a param type, if the url cannot be parsed as the specified type it will not be matched. For example if the url was `/events/two-thousand-and-twenty-four/september` it would not be matched because `two-thousand-and-twenty-four` is not a number.

Author: ```suggestion
When using a param type, if the url cannot be parsed as the specified type it will not be matched. For example if the url was `/events/two-thousand-and-twenty-four/september` it would not be matched because `two-thousand-and-twenty-four` is not a number. See [route matching](/advanced-concepts/route-matching) for more information.
```

:::

### Built-in Param Types
Kitbag Router comes with a few built-in param types:

| Type     | Default | Description                                                                                   |
| -------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `String` | ✓       | Any string value                                                                              |
| `Number` |         | Any value that can be parsed with the `Number` constructor                                    |
| `Boolean`|         | The literal values `"true"` or `"false"`                                                      |
| `Date`   |         | Any value that can be parsed with the `Date` constructor. Uses `toISOString` when serializing |
| `RegExp` |         | A literal regex expression                                                                    |
| `JSON`   |         | Any value that can be parsed with the `JSON.parse` method                                     |

## Custom Param Types

> You can define your own param types using the `createParam` utility. This serves three purposes:

Author: ```suggestion
You can define your own param types using the `createParam` utility. 

This serves three purposes:
```

1. Define the type of the param.
2. Define how the param should be serialized and deserialized.
3. Determine if a value is valid.

Using custom param types you can define more complex validation rules. For example, this month param must be a valid month name. If it is not, the route will not match.

```ts {3-11,17}
import { createParam, createRoute, path } from '@kitbag/router'

> const months = ['january', 'february', 'march', 'april', 'may', 'june', 'july', 'august', 'september', 'october', 'november', 'december'] as const
> 
> const monthParam = createParam((value, { invalid }) => {
>   if (months.includes(value as any)) {
>     return value
>   }
> 
>   invalid(`Invalid month: ${value}`)
> })

Reviewer: the way this is defined makes sense if you want your value to be `january | february | ...` but as its written you'd still have `string` since you're `if(months.includes...)` is not a type guard.

I prefer either 1. take this suggestion and let the param type be `string`. or 2 maybe just "import" a type guard and assume devs know what type guards do

```suggestion
const months = ['january', 'february', 'march', 'april', 'may', 'june', 'july', 'august', 'september', 'october', 'november', 'december']

const monthParam = createParam((value, { invalid }) => {
  if (months.includes(value)) {
    return value
  }

  invalid(`Invalid month: ${value}`)
})
```

Reviewer: also, don't we want to `throw invalid(...)`? otherwise our param also appears to return possibly `undefined`

Author: ```suggestion
const months = ['january', 'february', 'march', 'april', 'may', 'june', 'july', 'august', 'september', 'october', 'november', 'december']

const monthParam = createParam((value, { invalid }) => {
  if (months.includes(value)) {
    return value
  }

  throw invalid(`Invalid month: ${value}`)
})
```

const events = createRoute({
  name: 'events',
  path: path('/events/[year]/[?month]', {
    year: Number,
    month: monthParam,
  }),
})
```

By default custom params will use `toString` when serializing. But you can use a Get/Set param to define how the param should be serialized and deserialized. For example we can make the month param capitalized when parsing and lowercase when serializing.

```ts
import { createParam } from '@kitbag/router'

> const months = ['January', 'February', 'March', 'April', 'May', 'June', 'July', 'August', 'September', 'October', 'November', 'December'] as const

Reviewer: same "issue" here as above, so whatever you decide there should be applied here as well

Author: Updated in https://github.com/kitbagjs/router/pull/395/commits/cb79ed88c5cd4659a79d30ada19f49dba618d4c3

const monthParam = createParam({
  get: (value, { invalid }) => {

>     const month = value.charAt(0).toUpperCase() + value.slice(1)

Reviewer: you might consider just using

`import { capitalize } from '@/utilities'` and keep the example as concise as possible

Reviewer: might also be worth adding the little "highlighting" format thing to this code block like you do elsewhere on this page

Author: Updated in https://github.com/kitbagjs/router/pull/395/commits/cb79ed88c5cd4659a79d30ada19f49dba618d4c3

    if (months.includes(month as any)) {
      return month
    }

    invalid(`Invalid month: ${month}`)
  },
  set: (value) => {
    return value.toLowerCase()
  },
})
```

## Default Values

> You can define a default value for a param type when creating it. This value will be used when the param is optional and not provided in the url. An optional param of type `String` will have the type `string | undefined` when being accessed. But when a default value is provided it will have the type `string`, even if the value is missing from the url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a default value for a param type when defining  it. This default value will be used when the param is optional and not provided in the url. An optional param of type `String` will have the type `string | undefined` when being accessed. But when a default value is provided it will have the type `string`, even if the value is missing from the url.
```

Author: This is splitting hairs a bit, I'd take your version but there's an extra space in it lol

```ts {8}
const monthParam = createParam({
  get: (value, { invalid }) => {
    ...
  },
  set: (value) => {
    ...
  },
  defaultValue: 'january',
})

> ```

Reviewer: personally I'd prefer to just skip sharing this option or bury it somewhere inside of "deep dive" section. For 99% of users I just point them towards `withDefault`.

Author: This section pretty concisely explains both ways of defining a default value. And I think defining it with `createParam` is just as valid as using `withDefault`. So I'd prefer to keep this.

You can also define a default value for a individual param using the `withDefault` utility.

```ts {7}
import { createRoute, path, withDefault } from '@kitbag/router'

const events = createRoute({
  name: 'events',
  path: path('/events/[year]/[?month]', {
    year: Number,
    month: withDefault(monthParam, 'january'),
  }),
})
```

Or create a new param type with a default value from an existing param type.

```ts {7}
import { createParam, withDefault } from '@kitbag/router'

const monthParam = createParam((value, { invalid }) => {
  ...
})

const monthParamWithDefault = withDefault(monthParam, 'january')

> ```

Reviewer: I'd probably have skipped this too. It's neat and hopefully will bring delight to someone who tries it but probably doesn't need to be explicitly mentioned as a core-concept

Author: I think it helps explain how the `withDefault` utility works by creating a new param. I'd like to keep it unless you feel strongly.

## Query Params

> So far we have only looked at params in the `path` property. But params can also be used in the `query` property. When using params in the `query` the param goes where you expect the value to be in the url's search string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far the examples have only used params in the `path` property.  When using params in the `query`, the param goes where you expect the value to be in the url's search string.
```

Author: ```suggestion
So far the examples have only used params in the `path` property. When using params in the `query`, the param goes where you expect the value to be in the url's search string.
```

```ts {3}
const events = createRoute({
  name: 'events',
  query: 'highlight=[?highlight]',
})
```

> The param name and the search key do not have to be the same. In this example the url search stringwould like like `?highlight=hello` and the param would have the value `hello`. But the param's name is `term`. 

Author: ```suggestion
The param name and the search key do not have to be the same. In this example the url search string would like like `?highlight=hello` and the param would have the value `hello`. But the param's name is `term`. 
```

> The param name and the search key do not have to be the same. In this example the url search string would like like `?highlight=hello` and the param would have the value `hello`. But the param's name is `term`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The param name and the search key do not have to be the same. In this example the url search string might be `?highlight=hello`, which has a `term` param with the value `hello`.
```

Reviewer: you mention the param name is `term`, but I don't think that's true based on the example provided
